Propagate 'default' from model_field to serializer field. (#9030)
encode/django-rest-framework: docs/api-guide/fields.md

Note that setting a `default` value implies that the field is not required. Including both the `default` and `required` keyword arguments is invalid and will raise an error.

Notes Regarding default value propagation from model to serializer:

> all the default values of model will be pass as default to serializer and to the options method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
all the default values of model will pass as default to the serializer and to the options method.
```

Reviewer 2: I think that this would be more correct from `English`, I am not native anyohow...
```
- all the default values of the model will be passed as a `default` to the serializer and to the `OPTIONS` method.
```

> all the default values of model will pass as default to the serializer and to the options method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All the default values from model will pass as default to the serializer and the options method.
```

> if the default is callable then it is propagated in serializer which is evaluated at each time but

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the default is callable then it will be propagated in serializer which is evaluated at each time but
```

> If the default is callable then it will be propagated in serializer which is evaluated at each time but

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the default is callable then it will be propagated to & evaluated every time in the serializer but not in options method.
```

> not in options method.

Reviewer: ```suggestionnot in options method.
```

> not in options method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> if the value for given field is not given then default value will be present in serializer also avaliable in serializer's methods.Specified validation on given field will be evaluted on default value as that field will be present in serializer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the value for given field is not given then default value will be present in the serializer and available in serializer's methods. Specified validation on given field will be evaluated on default value as that field will be present in the serializer.
```
